Good morning, guys. Welcome back, guys.
I don't want you to think I've forgotten about the Alone But Not Lonely series because I've done these videos. I think I've had the series for almost a year now, which is kind of crazy and I love them. I think they're so fun. You guys also seem to love them. Today is Friday, but I'm kind of treating it like my weekend. Usually for these videos, I have some structure. Like I know in advance kind of what I want to do. But to be honest, I have no idea what I'm going to do today. I just know I want it to be a nice day. Like I want to just do the little things. Get coffee. I might want to bike on the highway and just spend some time by myself in like the best way possible. So I guess we'll see.
I kind of like that not knowing a little. Actually, I don't I'm so type A that I like hate not knowing things. So I'm editing this right now and I just want to say one thing. Well, actually two things. One thing, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I missed a week of uploading. Um, the reason is I was in Alaska, which was so fun. I saw Bears and United and Italy Coffee were so nice to send me there.
So, thank you to them. That was like so fun. That's the update as to why I didn't post for a week.
Don't hate me. The first thing that makes me happy, as you guys know, is getting coffee. So, we're going to do that really quick. I promise we will do other fun things.
Okay, guys. I got my coffee. I did get busted for filming. I walked in there and the guy working there was like, "No filming. No filming." That is like what feeds my fear of filming the most is because I'm I would say I'm like a rule follower and I hate like breaking rules and some places like don't let you film but you don't really know until you're in there. Usually that doesn't happen though. That hasn't happened to me honestly in a long time. Anyways, I did get my coffee. It's amazing. It's called Stump Town and I got an iced vanilla latte with skim milk. And then I also got kind of an impulsive purchase. A lemon poppy seed muffin. I'm hungry. I didn't eat yet. So that is why I decided to get this. See if it's good. Here it is.
I don't even like lemon poppy seeds. I don't know why I bought this. If I have a free day in the summer, I like to come to this park. There's so much people watching here. It's one of my favorite things to do, especially when I'm by myself, is just observe the people around me. I like to like watch people watch how people interact, see different outfits. I don't know. It's really entertaining. So, I'm going to do that.
But I'm also going to read. I brought a book that I got actually quite a while ago. I got this book six months ago.
It's kind of a funny story actually. My boyfriend and I decided to get the same book together and it was like really cute. We went to this bookstore. We picked out the same book together because we wanted to have our own little mini book club for two people. And then um it never happened because we both like never started the book. And I honestly feel like we both like I feel like he forgot about it too. I was like, "Oh, I should read this book. It's been sitting here. I'm gonna read this and enjoy my coffee.
Okay, guys. So, after the park, I ended up walking around. I had to pick up a gift card for my friend. And I walked by the market, and I didn't know it was open today. I've been here a couple times before, I think, in a vlog, actually. It's so cute. They have tons of fresh fruit and veggies and eggs.
But, I think I want to get some flowers here. I don't know which flowers to get.
There's so many. It is so hot, you guys.
Holy crap. Like, I am sweating so much right now. I kind of want to get asparagus. I don't know why. It sounds really good. Maybe I can make a dinner with asparagus tonight.
I just got back. It is so hot out. I think I got scalp sunburn. I could feel my scalp burning when I was outside. But I am inside taking a break in the AC.
And I'm going to put my flowers that I got in a vase. I've been loving getting fresh flowers recently. It's something that I actually used to not like, which I think is so interesting. I used to kind of be a hater of flowers because I was like, it's so pointless. They die anyways. What's the point of getting and like buying flowers for myself? And then once I started getting them, I realized how just beautiful and like happy they make me even though they don't last. And I've also found ways to make them last longer. I just like try to refresh the water all the time. They like make my week. So, I like to do it for myself. I never used to have a favorite flower either. And now my favorite are definitely liies. Is this what getting older is like? I feel like yes. I'm going to put them in a vase with some fresh water.
And there they are. They are so beautiful. I love the color of these ones. And it makes me so happy. I can't even tell you how happy fresh flowers make me. Anyways, today's been such a nice, beautiful day. I feel like I've been so spoiled today just doing like all of my favorite things. Oh my god, guys. I got something on my shirt from the flowers. Do you see that? I actually came home and there was all of this brown dust on my face from the flowers.
And I felt so embarrassed that I was walking around and everyone was probably looking at me like, "Why does she have dirt all over her face?" I don't know how that happened. But anyways, I think I'm going to chill here for just a little bit. Then I don't know, maybe I'll go on a bike ride later. Kind of want ice cream, too. I have no plan for today, as you know. So, I guess we'll see. Give me a few minutes and I don't know what to think about it. Okay, guys.
So, I'm by the Westside Highway right now because I'm going to go bike. I really want to just have a leisurely bike ride. And I also want to get ice cream, but I'm seeing this ice cream truck and I really want to get ice cream with chocolate sprinkles.
Hi. Can I be in the video? Sure. Hi.
Welcome to New York. Hi. Hi. Can I have um a vanilla ice cream cone with chocolate sprinkles? Bye. Bye. Bye.
Wait, you guys do combo? Yeah. You want vanilla chocolate? You want that one? I just didn't know you did that. Whatever you want, honey. Uh I'll just do chocolate. Okay, guys. I got my ice cream. It is about to fall off with chocolate sprinkles. It's so cute. Look at it. So cute. Oh my gosh, it's falling. Oh my gosh, it's flying.
This is stressful to eat. It's making a mess. This ice cream's like warm. It's melting. This reminds me of when I was younger. I so badly wanted there to be an ice cream truck that would come through my neighborhood because we didn't have one. I don't know, like they never came through in my neighborhood for some reason. And I so badly like fantasized about having an ice cream truck that I called the ice cream truck company when I was like 10 and I asked them if they would reroute to like go through my street and they did and they ended up coming for years. So it worked.
Seeing these trucks just like reminds me of that. But ice cream with the chocolate sprinkles is the best. If you guys haven't had chocolate sprinkles before, like I don't know why more people aren't on them. They're so good.
I call them jimmies, but they're so much better than regular sprinkles. Making a mess. Oh my god, I'm making a mess. I like cannot even eat this, guys. They're so melted. My hands are so sticky. It's the best ice cream. I know that sounds very strange, but in my opinion, their ice cream is like the best in New York.
Those ice cream trucks always hit.
Always. I'm going to go biking now on the Westside Highway. I like to electric way because I'm lazy. So, that is what I'm going to do. I'm going to try to see if they have any city bikes around where I could just rent one click on my phone.
On the West Side Highway, they have a little section where you can bike and it's just perfect.
It's a sad day for me because all the electric bikes are for some reason out of order. So, I am doing a manual bike and I'm not loving it, but it's fine.
Maybe this is good for me. But this is the Westside Highway. It's beautiful. If you've been to New York or you live here, you know this is like just such a beautiful spot where people run and walk. I like to go on walks here and I've been riding a little bit recently, which is a little bit out of character for me, but when I do, I love to run just on this Westside Highway right here. But they have a little bike path right up here that just streams right along the highway. So guys, am I going to be able to vlog and do this? I don't know. I don't know if I'm that um coordinated. famous last words. Okay.
Okay. Me going 2 miles an hour.
Definitely more work with the regular bike and not the electric. Hey, look.
People are playing tennis.
Biking with a skirt on is a crazy move.
I don't know why I decided to do that.
Imagine I'm filming that and I just wipe out. That would happen is the thing.
We're continuing with the iPhone vlog all of a sudden. I ended up at Trader Joe's. I needed some things grocery wise, obviously. So, I grabbed a few things in my cart and then I'm going to go back. That's the update.
Okay, guys. I just got back from Trader Joe's. That bike ride ended up being so long because I couldn't find a spot to dock it at the end. If you've ever done city bikes, you would know that you basically like when you rent the bike, you get it from this dock and they have different docks around the city. And if you go to put it back and they're all filled, you have nowhere to put it. I was just like biking around trying to find a place to discard my bike.
Anyways, then I went to Trader Joe's really quickly because I just needed a few groceries. This is kind of gross, but I do live alone and it's a perk of living alone. I drank the milk just out of the carton. I used to not drink normal milk. I went through I would say 5 years I was drinking oat milk or almond milk and then I started drinking regular milk again as you guys know and I like it. It doesn't like break me out or anything. So, I actually prefer it.
And then I got some other random things like some granola that I also started snacking on. Some parmesan cheese.
Forgot to mention earlier when I was at the farmers market, I got some broccolini. I saw it and it called my name. So I got stuff to make the broccolini probably tomorrow for my lunch. I saw a recipe on Tik Tok when I was at Trader Joe's and it involved onions, some garlic, of course, two short cuts, pre-peled garlic, and pre- chopped onions. I'm a lazy chef. We know this. But I like to take my shortcuts when I cook. I also got some strawberries cuz I needed them. Some pretzels. Also started eating these.
Wow. I came home and I just started feasting. I got some Impossible nuggets.
These are so good. Oh, and then I got some pomegranate seeds and then banana, two of them, and a lemon. So that's everything that I got. A little quick fast grocery haul. So that's the video.
Again, this was, you know, I need to work on things because why did I not do an outro? I actually do know why. I ended up just watching a show after this and I went to bed and I like totally forgot to film, but I didn't do anything. So, we didn't miss out. But, I just want to say I love you guys. Thanks so much for watching and I promise I'll see you next week in my next vlog. Bye.
