- If you've never liked
the 24-105 lens from Canon, well, I got news from you.
The RF version is a
lot better than the EF.
I'm gonna give you my review of the 24-105 Canon RF f/1.4, 1.4?
I wish it was 1.4.
Oh my God, that'd be a dream lens.
f/4.0 lens.
Check it out.
So, this is the RF mount lens.
This will only work on your RF cameras.
So, if you have a 80D, if you have a M50, anything like that, it won't work on.
So, you have to have an R5,
an R6, EOS R, R6 Mark II, maybe if you're lucky
enough to have an R3, it'll work on your R3, or even, say, a C70.
I was not a fan of pretty
much all the other 24-105s.
They just felt a little, I don't know, it's not my favorite, I mean, you get a lot, right?
You get 24-105 focal length.
So, you can go wide angle and you can go, you know,
relatively telephoto.
But the f/4.0 always sort of took me away.
It felt like you'd lose the light, you know, with the f/4.0 and I didn't think it was that sharp.
This lens changed my mind on that.
It's crazy sharp, and especially with
the mirrorless cameras, I don't really notice the
loss of light as much.
So, I actually prefer this the
most for studio photography, although I use it on
a lot of other things.
You can see here it's got a
54-millimeter diameter in back and the front is a 77-millimeter, so, yeah, for your filter size in front.
I have an R5 here.
You can see it's a nice compact lens.
I mean, it's not tiny, but it's not massive compared
to some other lenses.
And this is definitely a great choice if you're not sure what
lens to start with.
It's relatively affordable, you know, in regards to an L lens and you get just a lot
of bang for your buck in the sense of everything from 24, I mean, 24-105 can pretty much cover whatever you need to do.
For travel photography,
it's gonna be great.
And again, I like it
for studio photography.
It's one of my favorite
lenses for studio photography.
Not much to the lens.
You have a lock.
This lock right here will lock this.
So, if you are traveling or moving around.
If you unlock it, then
the front extends out.
And so obviously the lock will only engage when it's fully brought back.
And then you have, you have your, let me unlock it, there
you go, so you can extend.
This is to adjust the focal length.
This is to adjust focus, but more than likely, you're
probably using autofocus, especially if you're on
an RF lens, or RF body.
And this is the control ring.
This is where, all the RF lenses have this, well, I believe they all do,
especially all the L ones.
And you could assign this
to, it's programmable.
So, you could have it be
your ISO, your shutter.
I like it to be my aperture, but oftentimes I do hit it on accident.
So, if I know I don't really
want it as my aperture, I will just actually not set this.
So, this doesn't do anything for me.
But that's just my own personal choice.
So, yeah, this is a, if you were like, "You know what?
I really did not like the 24-105 EF," you'll probably like this one.
Also, just so you have, over here, you have just
a switch for autofocus, or AF stands for autofocus.
MF stands for manual focus.
And then, oh, the favorite part
about this, it's stabilized.
So, if you don't know
what stabilization means, essentially, there's elements inside that will stabilize it.
So, if you're handheld
shooting photography, you can shoot at a lower shutter speed, or if you're shooting video, you can actually literally
go handheld with this.
Especially if you have
in-body stabilization, like your R5, R6, pretty much every camera
except the EOS R and the, there's one other one
that doesn't have it.
But you could shoot handheld with in-body stabilization on the camera and IS on the lens.
It's a fantastic combo.
So, this lens does get my two thumbs up.
I think you'll thoroughly enjoy it.
Just know it's an f/4.0.
So, you're not gonna, it's not gonna give you a
super shallow depth of field, but I think it makes
up for it with the cost and the focal range that you get.
All right, enjoy.
(upbeat music)
